what's going on Thunder nation
thunderstruck Damian it's tipsy do's a
crew and it's about time this mofucka
comes on in to the nation of thunder so
let the ass-kissing begin Thunder what's
good how are you doing how's life how's
your wife how's your baby boy I would
just like to thank you for letting me on
thunderstruck game this is my first ever
time I'm making my way I'm making some
progress it just it feels good to see
and just taste success you know can you
smell what The Rock is cooking oh and by
god man I can smell that bow jangle I
can smell it I can taste it and I'm
getting ready to eat it right up so
let's get into the story people this is
my upload so once again no let's let's
flip thunder here thank you mommy my
main homie I appreciate you know in all
seriousness I really do appreciate this
you know for a person of your stature to
take out time to help a channel of my
stature such a small channel you know it
feels good that there's people out there
like that who go out of their way to
simply help a person like such as myself
with a small channel you know there's
there's no better feeling and I'm
absolutely grateful for anything that I
get out of youtube for any you know
chance just any little thing I can get
out of youtube just any opportunity and
I really do thank you for that thunder
you know that's it's really cool I to
you it's really cool for you to go out
of your way once again to help smaller
channels such as myself in and if you
who else has gotten the opportunity you
know congrats to you because it's it's a
good feeling if you're still doing
YouTube so let's get into this story how
about it this is the first time I ever
fought my bully back now this dates back
to all the way in the sixth grade you
know the golden days of when your boy
Dipsy do was mr. swag swag e degi swag
nation the
swag swag goes III don't know I was just
one of the pimpest pimps alive and so
basically this pulley right he was on
the football team that's not in the
other so he was a fairly large little
boy and that was a that was about all
there was to him he was a punk bitch you
know a bit of a pussy you know just just
just a hint just hinted that puss spice
him but it was thrown in his coffee that
morning so basically all that goes on is
I'm with this chick right and I don't
know that he likes her I don't know any
of this so he's like you know what dude
back off back off this is my woman and
the story is this is how it goes she
doesn't like him he likes her he likes
her she likes me okay she does she
doesn't like him whatsoever she likes me
and so he's trying to play it off like
Ray J you know he's just trying to tell
me he's like you know what I talked to
her first I hit this first I'm like no
bitch no I'm Kanye I'm cut I'm taking
Kim away from you you can't you can't
even touch this nothing this is my kim
kardashian you can hit it later after i
finish so mr. kanye west over here and
kim kardashian we take off to do our
thing so one day after i dress out she
tells me to meet her behind the
bleachers in talk so what she does is
she kisses me tells me she loves me and
then puts my hands on her boobs and you
know for a cyst grader you sixth-grader
you can only imagine the sparks were
flying in my forehead in my brain
whatever it was just boom boom july 4th
so reedham let it ring motherfucker
that's how it was and it was the
greatest feeling ever let me tell you
so word gets out stuff like that her
girlfriends are like oh my god you said
you should so totally date her she is
the most gorgeous thing she is so smart
uh she's beautiful I mean under all that
makeup you don't even know what you're
losing you know snapping their fingers
in a z formation she gives us instagram
no filter uploads for bling on that cell
phone and if you turn her down for some
little hooker on the side you know you
can just go on with yourself you know
she has bitches like that on her side so
what I decided to do to shut them the
hell up right Chris Jericho you know
because zach is Jericho I tell him you
know what fine let's do this so I quote
unquote date her for two weeks because
of her goody-goodies you know sugar mama
and I just it was nothing it was a
two-week shebang of just touchy kiss
touchy kiss stupid shit that young
people shouldn't be doing but they do it
anyway especially nowadays my god how
many people are pregnant in middle
school these days dirty so moving on
he's mad he catches wind of this you
know he hit it first he's going all Ray
J on me just go back to vh1 muthafucka
go find a new girl and on MTV or
whatever and so it gets the point it
gets them today we're about to fight so
we meet each other in the in in the gym
locker room at the end of class and I'm
talking my friends they walk in they
start calling me faggot and cussing me
out oh my god you're such a faggot mon
bulky oh fuck you're still in my girl no
no that's how we do so I'm like
you know what my friends are like do it
if you could jumped and you get your ass
but we got you back I'm like alright
cool so he walked in with full with
three other guy friends i forgot to
mention so there's four total this guy
snake attacks me brett favre's a fucking
shoe box to the back of my head the
corner end of the shoe box 40 feet blast
me right in the back of the head and I
swear to god it was one of the worst
feelings I've ever felt besides breaking
my arm so I turned around and I punched
the dude in the face he sat down and
started crying I'm just like oh god man
cuz I was shocked I didn't even intend
to fight this guy he just pushed out on
me and I felt bad so the bully decides
the jump on me give me in a chokehold I
can't breathe so I get I grabbed him by
the head flip it over my shoulder put
him in the head lock punch him in the
head twice and his friends you know they
they pull a candy-ass move and go tell
on me so I got ISS for two days for
fighting didn't get suspended because
they bullied me so I hope you guys
enjoyed the story I hope you guys
enjoyed me my personality no yeah it who
couldn't but either way thank you
founder once again thank you thunda
nation came on in I produced and I think
I did a good job so if you could please
come on over and subscribe if you'd like
I do call duty let's play his little big
planet any game i could really get my
hands on Thank You thunder once again
for the millionth time for the
opportunity I will catch you guys later
good bizzle